welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
four this week's episode is all about
john dory master gunslinger and real
good dude he's writing letters to his
wife june yeah remember they got married
at the end of season five but right
after when they all joined virginia's
colony she split the newlyweds up john's
got a pretty good life here in the main
settlement of lawton jinny made him a
cop just like he was before the
apocalypse but one morning the kitty
always relieves missed his shift it's
because he's always dead
somehow got tangled in the barbed wire
fence and is being eaten by zombies
john's trying to do a full investigation
but ginny's like hey stop that it was
clearly an accident he got drunk and
wandered into the fence so
just drop it jon of course doesn't drop
it he smells a cover-up and oh finds an
earring that night john runs into victor
strand yeah he's wearing a gold key now
after his promotion in his episode in
fact he's part of the inner community
council so he's worked his way up to the
inner circle it's like hey man i think
there might be a cover up here but i'll
keep you posted the next morning john
goes to see janice who being on laundry
duty it's like hey do you recognize
these earrings but she's like no i don't
know anything about it i didn't even
know that kid so
just leave me alone then john meets with
virginia herself it's like hey i think
we have a killer in our midst we gotta
find out whose earring this is she's
like look john we don't want to get
people riled up we want them to feel
safe here he's like yeah feeling safe is
good but like actually being safe is
better right so they have a funeral for
the guy led by our rabbi jacob but
during the funeral they caught janus
trying to run away and turns out the
other earring is hers
she's like no john the earring's not
mine i'm being set up see i lied before
i did know the kid we were dating and we
were planning to run off together i
don't know what actually happened to him
but i'm sure virginia had him killed and
is pinning it on me
in fact remember jenny's little sister
dakota she's like john you got to keep
investigating my sister's definitely
hiding something virginia is way
overprotective of our little sister it
seems like dakota's kind of a prisoner
here that's why she was trying to run
away the other episode so that night
john decides to continue his
investigation by digging up cameron's
body and it looks like cause of death
wasn't the barbed wire offense but his
throat was cut beforehand
the graveyard's outside the fence though
and just then a couple zombies wander
into the grave
and oh get john he's gotta take one and
shovel oh wow what a zombie kill
in the morning he calls strand over to
show him the evidence but during the
zombie scuffle his neck got all torn up
you can't see the cut anymore there is
another clue a piece of the knife handle
that the killer theoretically used so
it's strands help he goes investigating
the weapons locker and indeed a knife is
missing and the page showing who took it
has been torn out john wants to go
confront virginia blow up this whole
conspiracy but strands like hey man if
you do that you're an enemy of the state
there's no going back so john talks to
janus like hey i want to help clear your
name but in fact she confesses to the
murder she's like yeah john virginia's
had it out for me ever since me and my
brother first ran away before we joined
the fear group i don't even know what
i'm living for anymore my brother's dead
now my boyfriend's dead and this place
sucks because it's corrupt to the core
so that night jon has a heart to heart
with rabbi jacob he tells the story of
how his father was also a police officer
and was working on the case of a serial
killer they knew he was guilty but
couldn't prove it so his
father planted the evidence that got him
put away it was the right thing to do as
it saved more lives that guy would have
ended up killing but it came at great
personal cost as he ended up losing his
job and his marriage but now jon's
committed he's gonna do the right thing
regardless of the personal cost he's
gonna prison break janus and take her to
safety but when he gets there she's
already out of her cell
the execution was moved up yeah they
tied her to a tree with a boombox to
attract zombies and they have torn her
apart oh janice i barely knew you but
brutally executed unjustly
john dory's mad now he's gonna bust in
there and expose virginia's corruption
but he stopped by strand who reveals it
was him who had the execution moved up
it's like look man we couldn't save
janus but i had to save you by stopping
you from prison breaking her jon's not
down with this moral relativism and they
have a big ol fight but in the end
what's done is done jon can't stop it
now
in fact virginia hosts a big award
ceremony for john like hey without your
diligence we wouldn't have found out
that janice was the killer and so john
gets a big promotion a gold key he's a
true ranger now
but he knows that justice was not done
but his promotion comes with a huge
upgrade in his life his wife june
is now allowed to come here and live
with him so as jon's contemplating this
crisis of conscience he decides to pull
out his infected tooth yeah it's
symbolic i think of like virginia's
settlement how it looks nice on the
surface but it's actually rotten to the
core
so what's john dory going to do from
here the episode's not over yet we
actually check in with morgan he managed
to get his hands on the sweater of his
pregnant girlfriend grace and is going
to use his bounty hunter's dog to track
her down yeah the axe the jacket the hat
the dog morgan straight up stole this
guy's whole identity but as morgan's
driving oh
car crash turns out it is the end is the
beginning guys from the sub morgan
assumes virginia sent them to take him
out but they're like yo who's virginia
we hired the bounty hunter who was
identity you clearly stole we just want
the key handed over but morgan's like i
don't think so and oh he's got no qualms
about killing anymore takes both these
guys out but now morgan's caught up in
this new mystery what the heck does this
key open
we can assume it's to launch the nuclear
missiles on that submarine so watch out
for nuclear apocalypse and that's how
the episode comes to an end
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member